Hi, guys.
Worker In this lecture, we're getting people to generate a unique order ID number.
Okay.
Now, the first step to take is to create a variable to store that you ID.
We just as store gases.
You're going to need to first initialize it.
Okay.
Now, to do this, we can basically go to the cause phi in order to initialize it.
But since this is just if y you're going to be using, it's really there's no need of going to that
directory or that's fine.
Okay.
Now your first step you're going to take, like I said, is so initialize it.
Okay?
So we can just go to the top over here.
We can just do this within the contest.
Well, as well.
You can do this outside.
Okay.
So you can't say Var and we can call this you, you ID and it's going to be equal to the package that
is the you ID.
Okay.
And.
Okay, great.
Then then this step.
I think we need to import a light and then use control.
And that's okay for us.
Okay, great.
Now, the next step is to now generate a unique I.D. number.
Okay.
Cell.
We're going to do this over here.
We're going to create a finite variable and you're going to quads variable order ID is going to be equal
to that variable called you you ID then.
To generate a unique number.
We are just going to say dot the four.
Okay, so you know this.
We're going to get rid sorry, not that stuff.
This is going to get rid of this and then say or the ID.
Okay.
Is it of this?
Right then going to say order the I'd.
Okay.
Great.
Now, this is not gonna be data by date.
Okay, we can just.
We start this.
Okay.
It's going to take some time and we can now try it out.
It's done.
Okay.
And now we can change is going to give a hard to start to this up and we are going to go just check
it out and click on this add to cart and then.
Cats create.
And.
Now we can.
Either you can click or check out.
Okay, now let's go check it out.
Okay.
What I simply did was to delete my other collection.
I think you're going to see something like that over here.
Then you're going to need to tap the collection you want to delete.
Okay.
I think you can just do that.
So I'm going to go to this.
You don't really need to delete it, though.
You can just come to the doorway.
Okay.
Again, you can see the wire and you can see the unique or the number of you can see it.
And we just need to order just one product.
Okay.
Now, let's try to order multiple item.
We have this.
Now let's try to add.
On the products cards and see.
Okay.
And now click on click.
Check out and see.
Okay.
Now, you can see we are just having just one product.
And that one product I think is going to be the last product we just added.
That is this product and it's not really hard to look at it just to get rid of all this.
And over you click on Delete Collection and all this.
So you see this to the fullest and we can then try this again.
Okay.
It's two cards.
Two cards.
And cuts screen check out.
Okay.
Now click on this clip this and see.
You can see we asked The Avengers one.
Product.
And this is going to be the last product you can see.
You can confirm it here.
You can see the item price.
So what is simply doing is it is updating override in this first product.
And the reason for this is what we simply did over here was just.
To create.
What we did is we created a unique single order number.
Okay.
I didn't know if you understand it that way.
We created a single unique or the idea number.
So we are just having just one idea number and that is what we are basically using for all the projects.
Right.
So, you know, that's just solve this error.
We need to get rid of this.
Get rid of this that is just this country and see to copy and then causes.
Then you're going to place this just within the loop.
So it also needs Iran a loop over it, or did they generate that or the idea number for each product?
Okay.
Now I'll just start this.
What we did before is we created a rainbow and we are just having just one unique or the idea number.
Okay, so that was what we were doing before, but now we're going to run a loop in order to have more
than one unique ID number.
Okay.
Or fully understand it that way.
And we can now see if it's gonna work out now and add two cards and.
Add to cart and.
This is a card screen and you can just get rid of this.
Okay.
I think we just have one.
So we're going to be picked in two more.
So not just the walk in and we can click on check out.
Okay, great.
You can see we have two products.
Okay.
Sounds good, right?
Hopefully in this town by free dance, you can do well to let me know.
Okay?
Okay, guys.
See you in the next lecture.